fix(Card): card area should behave rules of parent layout (#497)
EasyPost/easy-ui: easy-ui-react/src/Card/Card.mdx

<Canvas of={CardStories.ExampleCallout} />

### Layouts

> Card content should behave the rules of their parent layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Card content behavior should follow the rules of their parent layouts.
```
